ticdc: refine the docs about the status in cdc (#3803)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/troubleshoot-ticdc.md

>
> This feature is introduced in TiCDC 4.0.3.

> ## How do I know whether the replication task is terminated manually?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do I know whether the replication task is stopped manually?
```

> You can know whether the replication task is terminated manually by using `cdc cli`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can know whether the replication task is stopped manually by using `cdc cli`. For example:
```

In the output of this command, `admin-job-type` shows the state of the replication task:

> * `0`: In progress. When the task is in progress, it is not terminated manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `0`: In progress, which means that the task is not stopped manually.
```
